hello everyone this is mr bring junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about
alice in borderland episode 6.
so the episode starts by giving us a
little backstory about mr hatter
apparently through flashbacks he was the
one who started the beach in the first
place
but what surprises us is that the yakuza
was there with him as well
is it possible that they used to be
friends and the wrong turn split their
friendship
into two fractions also notice how the
hatter actually said that he will create
an utopian society as the purpose of the
beach
instead of actually finding a way out of
here
keep this in mind as we continue with
the series
we come back to current events and sees
that arizu is having a hangover
after last night's rendezvous with the
hatter miss sporty pants with her early
schedule wakes them up
and it's revealed that they were
actually trying to gather information
they continue with their inquiries with
people living on the beach
but the best that they could get are
wild theories and unreliable rumors
it baffles me that most people still
think that it was tokyo
that disappeared and not the other way
around
also how can they live so carefree don't
they realize that their days are
literally numbered
just before they're about to give up
iris saw the two women who were watching
them
suspiciously in the beginning he tries
to talk to them
but they ran away it's funny how he
automatically assumes that they ran
because they thought he was hitting on
them
i guess his assumptions were from past
experiences
but that's not the main point he heard
some gunshots and followed it to a large
dumpster which a few men with guns were
just walking away from
needless to say when he opened it up it
almost scared the living daylights out
of him
just before he can recover from the
first surprise a second one comes in the
form of mr assassin's creed
and miss blue bikinis they explained to
him that this
is the result of the third rule of the
beach where all traitors die
they also reject hatter's method of
bringing everyone back
since it would take an enormous amount
of games to do that
each complete set of cards only brings
back one
person of the highest ranking there's
also the problem with the militians
and their growing desire for rebellion
therefore
the blondie suggests that they steal the
cards
and leave the beach meanwhile we see the
boss is heading towards a game since
like everyone else
his visa also eventually expires
however it looks like he was followed by
someone else
most likely a militiant up to no good
unsurprisingly as the game finished they
also found hatter's dead body
this traditionally meant that rank 2
becomes rank 1.
however the militians began threatening
everyone and forced to take over
where the yakuza becomes the new boss of
the beach
they have this whole ceremony for the
new number one
where he opens a black envelope sealed
by the previous boss
and this apparently tells the new number
one the code
for a save where the cards are stored
with the death of hatter
the blondie decides that this is the
golden opportunity for stealing the
cards
since bad things are likely to happen
with the change of power
his plan is to have hours to enter the
hatter's room
and steal the cards while kawina and
uzaki
act as lookouts personally i have a
terrible feeling about this plan
since it seems like arizu was given the
most dangerous job from a person who he
barely knows
why doesn't the blondie go in the room
himself instead of telling our sutu
second when asked about the code for the
safety box
the blondie assures him that he will
tell arizu
once he is there clearly he does not
trust our protagonist with this
information
until our sue has done what he wanted
however
our main character's blind optimism once
again convinced not only himself
but uzaki to take on this dangerous
mission
when irisu entered the hatter's room he
quickly located a safety box and assumed
it's where the cards are the blondie
then tells him that the password which
he deduced to be
as eight zero two two since it's the
boss insignia on the ring
used to seal the envelope our suit then
enters the password
but it unexpectedly turned on the alarm
instead
usagi is also apprehended by the
militians
while mr assassin's creed accompanies
the yakuza
it looks like i was right to not trust
the lady looking man
as i learned from enough tv shows that
all men with long blonde hair
are backstabbers arizu is then beat up
mercilessly
by mr nose rings and the yakuza stairs
towards the wall
where a portrait of a deer hangs this of
course
is all noted by the blondie backstabber
our poor iris sue is then tied up and
blindfolded onto a chair
while mr nose ring promises to do
unspeakable things to his unofficial
girlfriend
meanwhile the blondie explains how he
used arizu as bait
to figure out where the real safe is and
proceeds
to take all the playing cards
unfortunately mr nose rings threats to
irisu is real
and he forces usagi onto a bed with his
thugs he then proceeds to rip her
clothing open
and do what okay
i have to say that this guy does not
know how to use his tongue with the
ladies
as he licks usagi everywhere except for
where it counts
if you know what i mean no wonder he is
single
and so angry all the time before he can
figure out how to really please a lady
an announcement of a game comes on
and everyone rushes into the main lobby
this gave usagi a chance to escape
but she does not know where to even
start looking for a protagonist
who's tied up and alone in a chair the
game is announced to be the ten of
hearts
and we see that one of the woman who
stared at our suit and usagi
from the previous episode has a knife
sticking out of her heart
the whole beach is then surrounded by
lasers
so that no one can escape the game
explains that the dead girl was in fact
killed by a witch and they must find
this person
and burn him or her within 2 hours
thus the 10 of heart game begins and we
will dive deep
into detail for the next episode so what
did you guys think about today's
episode please let me know in the
comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you